root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Enabled=false
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server1.Address=
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server1.Port=6514
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server1.Protocol=TLS
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server1.Severity=Warning
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server1.SyslogFormat=RFC5424
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server2.Address=
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server2.Port=6514
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server2.Protocol=TLS
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server2.Severity=Warning
root.API.RemoteSyslog1.Server2.SyslogFormat=RFC5424
root.Audio.DSCP=0
root.Audio.DuplexMode=full
root.Audio.MaxListeners=20
root.Audio.MaxTransmitters=1
root.Audio.NbrOfConfigs=8
root.Audio.ReceiverBuffer=120
root.Audio.ReceiverTimeout=1000
root.Audio.A0.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A0.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A0.Name=
root.Audio.A0.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A0.Source=0
root.Audio.A1.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A1.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A1.Name=
root.Audio.A1.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A1.Source=0
root.Audio.A2.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A2.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A2.Name=
root.Audio.A2.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A2.Source=0
root.Audio.A3.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A3.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A3.Name=
root.Audio.A3.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A3.Source=0
root.Audio.A4.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A4.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A4.Name=
root.Audio.A4.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A4.Source=0
root.Audio.A5.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A5.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A5.Name=
root.Audio.A5.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A5.Source=0
root.Audio.A6.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A6.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A6.Name=
root.Audio.A6.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A6.Source=0
root.Audio.A7.Enabled=no
root.Audio.A7.HTTPMessageType=singlepart
root.Audio.A7.Name=
root.Audio.A7.NbrOfChannels=1
root.Audio.A7.Source=0
root.AudioSource.NbrOfSources=0
root.AudioSource.A0.AlarmLevel=100
root.AudioSource.A0.AudioEncoding=aac
root.AudioSource.A0.BitRate=32000
root.AudioSource.A0.Name=Audio
root.AudioSource.A0.NbrOfChannels=1
root.AudioSource.A0.SampleRate=48000
root.Bandwidth.Limit=0
root.BasicDeviceInfo.BasicDeviceInfo=yes
root.Brand.Brand=AXIS
root.Brand.ProdFullName=AXIS M3115-LVE Network Camera
root.Brand.ProdNbr=M3115-LVE
root.Brand.ProdShortName=AXIS M3115-LVE
root.Brand.ProdType=Network Camera
root.Brand.ProdVariant=
root.Brand.WebURL=http://www.axis.com
root.GuardTour.G0.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G0.Name=00 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G0.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G0.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G0.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G1.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G1.Name=01 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G1.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G1.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G1.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G2.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G2.Name=02 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G2.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G2.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G2.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G3.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G3.Name=03 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G3.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G3.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G3.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G4.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G4.Name=04 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G4.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G4.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G4.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G5.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G5.Name=05 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G5.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G5.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G5.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G6.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G6.Name=06 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G6.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G6.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G6.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G7.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G7.Name=07 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G7.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G7.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G7.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G8.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G8.Name=08 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G8.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G8.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G8.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.GuardTour.G9.CamNbr=1
root.GuardTour.G9.Name=09 - Untitled
root.GuardTour.G9.RandomEnabled=no
root.GuardTour.G9.Running=no
root.GuardTour.G9.TimeBetweenSequences=0
root.HTTPS.AllowTLS1=no
root.HTTPS.AllowTLS11=no
root.HTTPS.Ciphers=DHE-RSA-AES128-SHA:DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA:AES128-SHA:AES256-SHA:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:ECDHE-ECDSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:ECDHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384:ECDHE-ECDSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305:ECDHE-RSA-CHACHA20-POLY1305:DHE-RSA-AES128-GCM-SHA256:DHE-RSA-AES256-GCM-SHA384
root.HTTPS.Enabled=yes
root.HTTPS.Port=443
root.Image.DateFormat=YYYY-MM-DD
root.Image.MaxViewers=20
root.Image.MotionDetection=no
root.Image.NbrOfConfigs=8
root.Image.OverlayPath=/etc/overlays/axis(128x44).ovl
root.Image.OwnDateFormat=%F
root.Image.OwnDateFormatEnabled=no
root.Image.OwnTimeFormat=%T
root.Image.OwnTimeFormatEnabled=no
root.Image.PrivacyMaskType=none
root.Image.Referrers=
root.Image.ReferrersEnabled=no
root.Image.RFCCompliantMultipartEnabled=yes
root.Image.TimeFormat=24
root.Image.TimeResolution=1
root.Image.I0.Enabled=yes
root.Image.I0.Name=View Area 1
root.Image.I0.Source=0
root.Image.I0.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I0.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I0.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I0.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I0.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I0.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I0.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I0.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I0.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I0.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I0.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I0.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I0.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=yes
root.Image.I0.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=yes
root.Image.I0.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I0.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I0.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I0.Overlay.MaskWindows.Color=black
root.Image.I0.Overlay.MaskWindows.MosaicScale=3
root.Image.I0.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I0.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I0.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I0.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I0.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I0.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I0.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I0.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I0.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I0.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I0.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I0.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I0.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I0.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I0.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I0.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I0.Text.String=
root.Image.I0.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I0.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I1.Enabled=no
root.Image.I1.Name=View Area 2
root.Image.I1.Source=0
root.Image.I1.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I1.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I1.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I1.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I1.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I1.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I1.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I1.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I1.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I1.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I1.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I1.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I1.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I1.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I1.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I1.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I1.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I1.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I1.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I1.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I1.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I1.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I1.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I1.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I1.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I1.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I1.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I1.Text.String=
root.Image.I1.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I1.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I2.Enabled=no
root.Image.I2.Name=View Area 3
root.Image.I2.Source=0
root.Image.I2.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I2.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I2.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I2.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I2.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I2.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I2.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I2.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I2.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I2.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I2.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I2.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I2.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I2.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I2.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I2.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I2.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I2.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I2.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I2.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I2.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I2.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I2.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I2.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I2.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I2.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I2.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I2.Text.String=
root.Image.I2.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I2.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I3.Enabled=no
root.Image.I3.Name=View Area 4
root.Image.I3.Source=0
root.Image.I3.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I3.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I3.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I3.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I3.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I3.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I3.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I3.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I3.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I3.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I3.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I3.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I3.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I3.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I3.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I3.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I3.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I3.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I3.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I3.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I3.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I3.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I3.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I3.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I3.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I3.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I3.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I3.Text.String=
root.Image.I3.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I3.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I4.Enabled=no
root.Image.I4.Name=View Area 5
root.Image.I4.Source=0
root.Image.I4.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I4.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I4.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I4.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I4.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I4.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I4.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I4.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I4.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I4.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I4.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I4.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I4.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I4.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I4.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I4.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I4.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I4.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I4.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I4.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I4.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I4.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I4.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I4.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I4.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I4.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I4.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I4.Text.String=
root.Image.I4.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I4.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I5.Enabled=no
root.Image.I5.Name=View Area 6
root.Image.I5.Source=0
root.Image.I5.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I5.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I5.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I5.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I5.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I5.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I5.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I5.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I5.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I5.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I5.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I5.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I5.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I5.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I5.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I5.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I5.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I5.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I5.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I5.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I5.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I5.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I5.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I5.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I5.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I5.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I5.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I5.Text.String=
root.Image.I5.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I5.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I6.Enabled=no
root.Image.I6.Name=View Area 7
root.Image.I6.Source=0
root.Image.I6.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I6.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I6.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I6.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I6.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I6.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I6.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I6.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I6.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I6.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I6.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I6.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I6.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I6.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I6.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I6.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I6.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I6.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I6.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I6.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I6.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I6.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I6.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I6.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I6.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I6.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I6.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I6.Text.String=
root.Image.I6.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I6.Text.TextSize=medium
root.Image.I7.Enabled=no
root.Image.I7.Name=View Area 8
root.Image.I7.Source=0
root.Image.I7.Appearance.ColorEnabled=yes
root.Image.I7.Appearance.Compression=30
root.Image.I7.Appearance.MirrorEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.Appearance.Resolution=1920x1080
root.Image.I7.Appearance.Rotation=0
root.Image.I7.MPEG.Complexity=50
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ConfigHeaderInterval=1
root.Image.I7.MPEG.FrameSkipMode=drop
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ICount=1
root.Image.I7.MPEG.PCount=31
root.Image.I7.MPEG.UserDataEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.MPEG.UserDataInterval=1
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZChromaQPMode=off
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZFpsMode=fixed
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZGopMode=fixed
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZMaxGopLength=300
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZMinFps=0
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZProfile=classic
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZProfileLevel=0
root.Image.I7.MPEG.ZStrength=10
root.Image.I7.MPEG.H264.Profile=high
root.Image.I7.MPEG.H264.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.MPEG.H265.PSEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.Overlay.Enabled=no
root.Image.I7.Overlay.XPos=0
root.Image.I7.Overlay.YPos=0
root.Image.I7.RateControl.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I7.RateControl.Mode=vbr
root.Image.I7.RateControl.Priority=framerate
root.Image.I7.RateControl.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I7.RateControl.ABR.MaxBitrate=0
root.Image.I7.RateControl.ABR.RetentionTime=7
root.Image.I7.RateControl.ABR.TargetBitrate=0
root.Image.I7.SizeControl.MaxFrameSize=0
root.Image.I7.Stream.Duration=0
root.Image.I7.Stream.FPS=0
root.Image.I7.Stream.NbrOfFrames=0
root.Image.I7.Text.BGColor=black
root.Image.I7.Text.ClockEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.Text.Color=white
root.Image.I7.Text.DateEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.Text.Position=top
root.Image.I7.Text.String=
root.Image.I7.Text.TextEnabled=no
root.Image.I7.Text.TextSize=medium
root.ImageSource.MotionDetection=yes
root.ImageSource.NbrOfSources=1
root.ImageSource.I0.CameraTiltOrientation=-90
root.ImageSource.I0.CaptureFrequency=60Hz
root.ImageSource.I0.Name=172-MTC-EST COBERTO MOTOS
root.ImageSource.I0.Rotation=0
root.ImageSource.I0.SourceRotation=yes
root.ImageSource.I0.DayNight.IrCutFilter=auto
root.ImageSource.I0.DayNight.ShiftLevel=100
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.AspectRatio=16:9
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.BlueBalance=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.Brightness=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CaptureMode=1
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ColorLevel=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.Contrast=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CoordX=5000
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CoordY=5000
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.Defog=off
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.DefogEffect=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.Exposure=auto
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ExposurePriorityNormal=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ExposureResponsiveness=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ExposureValue=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ExposureWindow=auto
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.HighlightsRecovery=0
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.LocalContrast=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.LowLatencyMode=off
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ManualGain=100
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ManualGainControl=no
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ManualShutter=33333
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ManualShutterControl=no
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.MaxExposureTime=-1
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.MaxGain=100
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.MinExposureTime=1
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.MinGain=0
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.RedBalance=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ShadowsRecovery=0
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.Sharpness=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.SNF=100
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.TNF=100
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.ToneMapping=50
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WDR=off
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WhiteBalance=auto
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WhiteBalanceWindow=auto
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WhiteBalanceXstart=0
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WhiteBalanceXstop=9999
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WhiteBalanceYstart=0
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.WhiteBalanceYstop=9999
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.NbrOfConfigs=1
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.Weight=100
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.C0.Bottom=7497
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.C0.Left=2499
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.C0.Right=7497
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.C0.Top=2499
root.ImageSource.I0.Sensor.CustomExposureWindow.C0.WindowType=disabled
root.Input.NbrOfInputs=0
root.Layout.AACInstallationEnabled=yes
root.Layout.DefaultJoystickMode=no
root.Layout.DefaultStreamProfile=ConfigToolProfile
root.Layout.DefaultVideoFormat=mjpeg
root.Layout.EnableBasicSetup=yes
root.Layout.H264InstallationEnabled=yes
root.Layout.LiveViewVideo=1
root.Layout.PlainConfigEnabled=no
root.Layout.ShowRelCrossEnabled=yes
root.Layout.ShowVideoFormatDropDown=yes
root.Layout.ViewerIE=activex
root.Layout.ViewerOther=spush
root.MediaClip.MaxGroups=10
root.MediaClip.MaxUploadSize=10
root.MediaClip.M9.Location=/etc/audioclips/camera_clicks16k.au
root.MediaClip.M9.Name=Camera clicks
root.MediaClip.M9.Type=audio
root.Network.BootProto=none
root.Network.Broadcast=192.168.0.255
root.Network.DefaultRouter=10.132.172.1
root.Network.DNSServer1=172.16.2.116
root.Network.DNSServer2=172.16.2.117
root.Network.DomainName=
root.Network.Enabled=yes
root.Network.HostName=axis-b8a44f2029d4
root.Network.IPAddress=10.132.172.64
root.Network.Media=auto
root.Network.SubnetMask=255.255.255.0
root.Network.tcpECN=1
root.Network.Bonjour.Enabled=no
root.Network.Bonjour.FriendlyName=AXIS M3115-LVE - B8A44F2029D4
root.Network.DHCP.VendorClass=AXIS,Network Camera,M3115-LVE,9.70.1
root.Network.DNSUpdate.DNSName=
root.Network.DNSUpdate.Enabled=no
root.Network.DNSUpdate.TTL=30
root.Network.eth0.Broadcast=192.168.0.255
root.Network.eth0.IPAddress=10.132.172.64
root.Network.eth0.MACAddress=B8:A4:4F:20:29:D4
root.Network.eth0.SubnetMask=255.255.255.0
root.Network.eth0.IPv6.IPAddresses=
root.Network.Filter.Enabled=no
root.Network.Filter.Input.AcceptAddresses=
root.Network.Filter.Input.Policy=allow
root.Network.Filter.Log.Enabled=no
root.Network.FTP.Enabled=no
root.Network.HTTP.AuthenticationPolicy=digest
root.Network.HTTP.AuthenticationPolicySet=yes
root.Network.HTTP.AuthenticationWithQop=no
root.Network.Interface.I0.SystemDevice=eth0
root.Network.Interface.I0.dot1x.EAPOLVersion=1
root.Network.Interface.I0.dot1x.Enabled=no
root.Network.Interface.I0.dot1x.Status=Stopped
root.Network.Interface.I0.dot1x.EAPTLS.Identity=axis-b8a44f2029d4
root.Network.Interface.I0.dot1x.EAPTLS.PrivateKeyPassword=*****
root.Network.Interface.I0.Link.MTU=1500
root.Network.IPv6.AcceptRA=yes
root.Network.IPv6.DefaultRouter=
root.Network.IPv6.DHCPv6=auto
root.Network.IPv6.Enabled=no
root.Network.IPv6.IPAddress=
root.Network.LLDP.POE.Enabled=no
root.Network.LLDP.POE.MaxPower=8700
root.Network.LLDP.POE.PoeClass=3
root.Network.QoS.Class1.Desc=AxisLiveVideo
root.Network.QoS.Class1.DSCP=0
root.Network.QoS.Class2.Desc=AxisLiveAudio
root.Network.QoS.Class2.DSCP=0
root.Network.QoS.Class3.Desc=AxisEventAlarm
root.Network.QoS.Class3.DSCP=0
root.Network.QoS.Class4.Desc=AxisManagement
root.Network.QoS.Class4.DSCP=0
root.Network.QoS.Class5.Desc=AxisRemoteService
root.Network.QoS.Class5.DSCP=0
root.Network.QoS.Class6.Desc=AxisMetaData
root.Network.QoS.Class6.DSCP=0
root.Network.Resolver.NameServer1=172.16.2.116
root.Network.Resolver.NameServer2=172.16.2.117
root.Network.Resolver.NameServerList=172.16.2.116 172.16.2.117
root.Network.Resolver.ObtainFromDHCP=no
root.Network.Resolver.Search=
root.Network.Routing.DefaultRouter=10.132.172.1
root.Network.Routing.IPv6.DefaultRouter=
root.Network.RTP.AudioDSCP=0
root.Network.RTP.EndPort=50999
root.Network.RTP.MetadataDSCP=0
root.Network.RTP.NbrOfRTPGroups=8
root.Network.RTP.OnvifReplayExt=no
root.Network.RTP.StartPort=50000
root.Network.RTP.VideoDSCP=0
root.Network.RTP.R0.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R0.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R0.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R0.AudioAddress=239.224.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R0.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R0.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R0.VideoAddress=239.224.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R0.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R1.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R1.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R1.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R1.AudioAddress=239.231.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R1.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R1.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R1.VideoAddress=239.231.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R1.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R2.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R2.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R2.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R2.AudioAddress=239.239.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R2.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R2.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R2.VideoAddress=239.239.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R2.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R3.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R3.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R3.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R3.AudioAddress=239.246.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R3.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R3.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R3.VideoAddress=239.246.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R3.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R4.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R4.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R4.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R4.AudioAddress=239.194.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R4.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R4.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R4.VideoAddress=239.194.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R4.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R5.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R5.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R5.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R5.AudioAddress=239.201.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R5.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R5.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R5.VideoAddress=239.201.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R5.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R6.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R6.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R6.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R6.AudioAddress=239.209.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R6.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R6.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R6.VideoAddress=239.209.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R6.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R7.AlwaysMulticastAudio=no
root.Network.RTP.R7.AlwaysMulticastProfile=videocodec=h264
root.Network.RTP.R7.AlwaysMulticastVideo=no
root.Network.RTP.R7.AudioAddress=239.216.41.84
root.Network.RTP.R7.AudioPort=0
root.Network.RTP.R7.TTL=5
root.Network.RTP.R7.VideoAddress=239.216.41.212
root.Network.RTP.R7.VideoPort=0
root.Network.RTSP.AllowClientTransportSettings=yes
root.Network.RTSP.AuthenticateOverHTTP=no
root.Network.RTSP.AuthenticateRTSPOverHTTP=yes
root.Network.RTSP.Enabled=yes
root.Network.RTSP.Port=554
root.Network.RTSP.ProtViewer=password
root.Network.RTSP.Timeout=60
root.Network.RTSPS.AllowClientTransportSettings=no
root.Network.RTSPS.CertificateId=
root.Network.RTSPS.Enabled=no
root.Network.RTSPS.Port=322
root.Network.RTSPS.Timeout=60
root.Network.SSH.Enabled=no
root.Network.UPnP.Enabled=no
root.Network.UPnP.FriendlyName=172-MTC-EST COBERTO MOTOS
root.Network.VolatileHostName.HostName=axis-b8a44f2029d4
root.Network.VolatileHostName.ObtainFromDHCP=yes
root.Network.ZeroConf.Enabled=no
root.Network.ZeroConf.IPAddress=
root.Network.ZeroConf.SubnetMask=
root.Output.NbrOfOutputs=0
root.Properties.AlwaysMulticast.AlwaysMulticast=yes
root.Properties.API.Browser.Language=yes
root.Properties.API.Browser.RootPwdSetValue=yes
root.Properties.API.Browser.UserGroup=yes
root.Properties.API.ClientNotes.ClientNotes=yes
root.Properties.API.HTTP.AdminPath=/index.html
root.Properties.API.HTTP.Version=3
root.Properties.API.Metadata.Metadata=yes
root.Properties.API.Metadata.Version=1.0
root.Properties.API.OnScreenControls.OnScreenControls=yes
root.Properties.API.PTZ.Presets.Version=2.00
root.Properties.API.RTP.OnvifReplayExt=yes
root.Properties.API.RTSP.AdjustableStreamSettings=compression,fps,videokeyframeinterval,videomaxbitrate,videozstrength
root.Properties.API.RTSP.RTSPAuth=yes
root.Properties.API.RTSP.Version=2.01
root.Properties.API.SIP.SIP=yes
root.Properties.API.SIP.Version=2.2
root.Properties.API.WebService.EntryService=yes
root.Properties.API.WebService.WebService=yes
root.Properties.API.WebService.ONVIF.ONVIF=yes
root.Properties.API.WebService.ONVIF.Version=1.02
root.Properties.API.WebSocket.RTSP.RTSP=yes
root.Properties.ApiDiscovery.ApiDiscovery=yes
root.Properties.Audio.Audio=no
root.Properties.Audio.DuplexMode=
root.Properties.Audio.Format=
root.Properties.Audio.InputType=mic,line
root.Properties.Audio.Decoder.Format=
root.Properties.AudioClip.Format=au,mp3,opus,vorbis,wav
root.Properties.AudioClip.PlayOptions=location,repeat,volume
root.Properties.AudioClip.StopClip=yes
root.Properties.DynamicOverlay.DynamicOverlay=yes
root.Properties.DynamicOverlay.Version=1.7
root.Properties.EmbeddedDevelopment.CacheSize=51380224
root.Properties.EmbeddedDevelopment.DefaultCacheSize=67108864
root.Properties.EmbeddedDevelopment.EmbeddedDevelopment=yes
root.Properties.EmbeddedDevelopment.Version=2.18
root.Properties.EmbeddedDevelopment.RuleEngine.MultiConfiguration=yes
root.Properties.Firmware.BuildDate=Nov 01 2024 17:37
root.Properties.Firmware.BuildNumber=1
root.Properties.Firmware.Version=10.12.262
root.Properties.FirmwareManagement.Version=1.4
root.Properties.Gatekeeper.Gatekeeper=no
root.Properties.Geolocation.Geolocation=yes
root.Properties.Geolocation.Version=1.0
root.Properties.GuardTour.GuardTour=yes
root.Properties.GuardTour.MaxGuardTours=100
root.Properties.GuardTour.MinGuardTourWaitTime=1
root.Properties.GuardTour.RecordedTour=no
root.Properties.HTTPS.HTTPS=yes
root.Properties.Image.Format=jpeg,mjpeg,h264,h265,bitmap
root.Properties.Image.NbrOfViews=8
root.Properties.Image.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.Rotation=0,90,180,270
root.Properties.Image.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.H264.Profiles=Baseline,Main,High
root.Properties.Image.H265.Profiles=Main
root.Properties.Image.I0.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I0.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I1.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I1.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I2.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I2.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I3.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I3.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I4.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I4.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I5.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I5.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I6.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I6.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.I7.Resolution=1920x1080,1440x1080,1440x900,1280x960,1280x800,1280x720,1024x768,1024x640,1024x576,800x600,800x500,800x450,640x480,640x400,640x360,480x360,480x300,480x270,320x240,320x200,320x180,240x180,160x120,160x100,160x90
root.Properties.Image.I7.ShowSuboptimalResolutions=false
root.Properties.Image.RateControl.Version=1.1
root.Properties.Image.RateControl.ABR.ABR=yes
root.Properties.ImageSource.DayNight=no
root.Properties.IO.ManualTriggerNbr=6
root.Properties.LEDControl.LEDControl=yes
root.Properties.LightControl.LightControl2=yes
root.Properties.LightControl.LightControlAvailable=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.AutoRepair=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.ContinuousRecording=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.DiskEncryption=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.DiskHealth=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.ExportRecording=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.FailOverRecording=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.LocalStorage=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.NbrOfContinuousRecordingProfiles=1
root.Properties.LocalStorage.RequiredFileSystem=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.SDCard=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.StorageLimit=yes
root.Properties.LocalStorage.Version=1.00
root.Properties.Motion.MaxNbrOfWindows=10
root.Properties.Motion.Motion=yes
root.Properties.NetworkShare.CIFS=yes
root.Properties.NetworkShare.IPV6=yes
root.Properties.NetworkShare.NameLookup=yes
root.Properties.NetworkShare.NetworkShare=yes
root.Properties.PackageManager.FormatListing=yes
root.Properties.PackageManager.LicenseKeyManagement=yes
root.Properties.PackageManager.PackageManager=yes
root.Properties.Portcast.Portcast=yes
root.Properties.Portcast.Status=disconnected
root.Properties.Portcast.Version=1.0
root.Properties.PrivacyMask.MainSwitch=yes
root.Properties.PrivacyMask.MaxNbrOfPrivacyMasks=10
root.Properties.PrivacyMask.Polygon=no
root.Properties.PrivacyMask.PrivacyMask=yes
root.Properties.PrivacyMask.Query=list,position,listpxjson,positionpxjson
root.Properties.PTZ.DigitalPTZ=yes
root.Properties.PTZ.DriverManagement=no
root.Properties.PTZ.DriverModeList=none
root.Properties.PTZ.EmbeddedDrivers=no
root.Properties.PTZ.PTZ=yes
root.Properties.PTZ.PTZOnQuadView=no
root.Properties.PTZ.SelectableDriverMode=no
root.Properties.RemoteService.RemoteService=no
root.Properties.RTC.RTC=yes
root.Properties.Serial.Serial=no
root.Properties.SRTP.Acceleration=hardware
root.Properties.SRTP.Authentication=hmac-sha1
root.Properties.SRTP.Encryption=aes-ctr-128,aes-ctr-256,aes-gcm-128,aes-gcm-256
root.Properties.SRTP.SRTP=yes
root.Properties.SRTP.Version=1.0
root.Properties.SupervisedIO.SupervisedIO=yes
root.Properties.SupervisedIO.Version=2.0
root.Properties.System.Architecture=armv7hf
root.Properties.System.HardwareID=7BB
root.Properties.System.Language=
root.Properties.System.LanguageType=
root.Properties.System.SerialNumber=B8A44F2029D4
root.Properties.System.Soc=Axis Artpec-7
root.Properties.Tampering.Tampering=yes
root.Properties.TemperatureSensor.Fan=no
root.Properties.TemperatureSensor.Heater=yes
root.Properties.TemperatureSensor.TemperatureControl=yes
root.Properties.TemperatureSensor.TemperatureSensor=yes
root.Properties.VideoStreamingIndicator.VideoStreamingIndicator=yes
root.Properties.VirtualInput.VirtualInput=yes
root.Properties.ZipStream.ZipStream=yes
root.PTZ.BoaProtPTZOperator=password
root.PTZ.CameraDefault=1
root.PTZ.NbrOfCameras=8
root.PTZ.NbrOfSerPorts=0
root.PTZ.PresetNameMaxLen=95
root.PTZ.ResponseEncoding=iso-8859-1
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam1Port=1
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam2Port=2
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam3Port=3
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam4Port=4
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam5Port=5
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam6Port=6
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam7Port=7
root.PTZ.CamPorts.Cam8Port=8
root.PTZ.ImageSource.I0.PTZEnabled=false
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L1.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L2.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L3.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L4.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L5.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L6.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L7.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MaxFieldAngle=100
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MaxPan=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MaxTilt=165
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MaxZoom=9999
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MinFieldAngle=1
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MinPan=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MinTilt=-165
root.PTZ.Limit.L8.MinZoom=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P0.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P0.ImageSource=0
root.PTZ.Preset.P0.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P0.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P0.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P1.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P1.ImageSource=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P1.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P1.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P1.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P2.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P2.ImageSource=2
root.PTZ.Preset.P2.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P2.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P2.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P3.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P3.ImageSource=3
root.PTZ.Preset.P3.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P3.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P3.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P4.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P4.ImageSource=4
root.PTZ.Preset.P4.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P4.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P4.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P5.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P5.ImageSource=5
root.PTZ.Preset.P5.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P5.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P5.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P6.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P6.ImageSource=6
root.PTZ.Preset.P6.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P6.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P6.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.Preset.P7.HomePosition=1
root.PTZ.Preset.P7.ImageSource=7
root.PTZ.Preset.P7.Name=
root.PTZ.Preset.P7.Position.P1.Data=pan=0.000000:tilt=0.000000:zoom=1.000000
root.PTZ.Preset.P7.Position.P1.Name=Home
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver1Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver2Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver3Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver4Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver5Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver6Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver7Status=3
root.PTZ.PTZDriverStatuses.Driver8Status=3
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S1.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S1.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S2.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S2.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S3.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S3.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S4.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S4.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S5.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S5.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S6.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S6.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S7.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S7.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AbsoluteBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AbsoluteFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AbsoluteIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AbsolutePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AbsoluteTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AbsoluteZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ActionNotification=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AreaZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AutoFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AutoIrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.AutoIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.Auxiliary=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.BackLight=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ContinuousBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ContinuousFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ContinuousIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ContinuousPan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ContinuousTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ContinuousZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.DevicePreset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.DigitalZoom=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.GenericHTTP=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.IrCutFilter=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.JoyStickEmulation=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.LensOffset=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.OSDMenu=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ProportionalSpeed=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.RelativeBrightness=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.RelativeFocus=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.RelativeIris=false
root.PTZ.Support.S8.RelativePan=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.RelativeTilt=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.RelativeZoom=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.ServerPreset=true
root.PTZ.Support.S8.SpeedCtl=true
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U1.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U2.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U3.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U4.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U5.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U6.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U7.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserAdv.U8.MoveSpeed=100
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U0.Priority=10
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U0.TimeoutTime=60
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U0.TimeoutType=activity
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U0.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U0.UserGroup=Administrator
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U1.Priority=30
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U1.TimeoutTime=60
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U1.TimeoutType=activity
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U1.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U1.UserGroup=Operator
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U2.Priority=50
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U2.TimeoutTime=60
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U2.TimeoutType=timespan
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U2.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U2.UserGroup=Viewer
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U3.Priority=20
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U3.TimeoutTime=20
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U3.TimeoutType=activity
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U3.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U3.UserGroup=Event
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U4.Priority=40
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U4.TimeoutTime=60
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U4.TimeoutType=infinity
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U4.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U4.UserGroup=Guardtour
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U5.Priority=35
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U5.TimeoutTime=60
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U5.TimeoutType=infinity
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U5.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U5.UserGroup=Autotracking
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U6.Priority=1
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U6.TimeoutTime=60
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U6.TimeoutType=activity
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U6.UseCookie=no
root.PTZ.UserCtlQueue.U6.UserGroup=Onvif
root.PTZ.Various.V1.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V1.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V1.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V1.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V1.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V1.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V1.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V1.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V1.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V1.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V1.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V1.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V2.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V2.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V2.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V2.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V2.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V2.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V3.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V3.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V3.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V3.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V3.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V3.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V4.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V4.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V4.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V4.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V4.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V4.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V5.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V5.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V5.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V5.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V5.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V5.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V6.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V6.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V6.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V6.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V6.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V6.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V7.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V7.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V7.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V7.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V7.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V7.ZoomEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.CtlQueueing=false
root.PTZ.Various.V8.CtlQueueLimit=20
root.PTZ.Various.V8.CtlQueuePollTime=20
root.PTZ.Various.V8.HomePresetSet=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.Locked=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.MaxProportionalSpeed=200
root.PTZ.Various.V8.PanEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.ProportionalSpeedEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.ReturnToOverview=0
root.PTZ.Various.V8.SpeedCtlEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.TiltEnabled=true
root.PTZ.Various.V8.ZoomEnabled=true
root.Recording.DefaultDiskId=SD_DISK
root.Recording.DefaultSplitDuration=300
root.RemoteService.BackOffFactorMin=2
root.RemoteService.BackOffFactorSpan=6
root.RemoteService.BackOffMaxSec=20
root.RemoteService.ClientCert=
root.RemoteService.DSCP=0
root.RemoteService.Enabled=oneclick
root.RemoteService.LogFile=syslog
root.RemoteService.ProxyAuth=basic
root.RemoteService.ProxyDispatcherOnly=no
root.RemoteService.ProxyLogin=
root.RemoteService.ProxyPassword=******
root.RemoteService.ProxyPort=3128
root.RemoteService.ProxyServer=
root.RemoteService.ServerList=dispatchse1-st.axis.com:443,dispatchse1-st.axis.com:80,195.60.68.120:443,195.60.68.120:80,dispatchse2-st.axis.com:443,dispatchse2-st.axis.com:80,195.60.68.121:443,195.60.68.121:80,dispatcher-st.axis.com:443,dispatcher-st.axis.com:80,dispatchus1-st.axis.com:443,dispatchus1-st.axis.com:80,dispatchjp1-st.axis.com:443,dispatchjp1-st.axis.com:80
root.RemoteService.TimeSyncEnabled=yes
root.SNMP.DSCP=0
root.SNMP.Enabled=no
root.SNMP.EngineBoots=1
root.SNMP.InitialUserPasswd=
root.SNMP.InitialUserPasswdSet=no
root.SNMP.TransportProtocol=udp
root.SNMP.V1=no
root.SNMP.V1ReadCommunity=public
root.SNMP.V1WriteCommunity=write
root.SNMP.V2c=no
root.SNMP.V3=no
root.SNMP.Trap.Enabled=no
root.SNMP.Trap.T0.Address=
root.SNMP.Trap.T0.Community=public
root.SNMP.Trap.T0.AuthFail.Enabled=no
root.SNMP.Trap.T0.ColdStart.Enabled=no
root.SNMP.Trap.T0.LinkUp.Enabled=no
root.SNMP.Trap.T0.WarmStart.Enabled=no
root.SOCKS.Enabled=no
root.SOCKS.LocalNetworks=10.0.0.0/255.0.0.0, 169.254.0.0/255.255.0.0, 172.16.0.0/255.240.0.0, 192.168.0.0/255.255.255.0
root.SOCKS.Password=******
root.SOCKS.Server=socks
root.SOCKS.ServerPort=1080
root.SOCKS.ServerType=4
root.SOCKS.UserName=
root.StatusLed.FlashInterval=4
root.StatusLed.Usage=on
root.Storage.MountDir=/var/spool/storage
root.Storage.S0.AutoRepair=yes
root.Storage.S0.CleanupLevel=90
root.Storage.S0.CleanupMaxAge=7
root.Storage.S0.CleanupPolicyActive=fifo
root.Storage.S0.DeviceNode=/dev/sd_disk1
root.Storage.S0.DiskID=SD_DISK
root.Storage.S0.Enabled=yes
root.Storage.S0.ExtraMountOptions=
root.Storage.S0.FileSystem=vfat
root.Storage.S0.FriendlyName=
root.Storage.S0.Locked=no
root.Storage.S0.MountOnBoot=yes
root.Storage.S0.MountPointPermissions=0770
root.Storage.S0.RequiredFileSystem=none
root.Storage.S1.AutoRepair=yes
root.Storage.S1.CleanupLevel=90
root.Storage.S1.CleanupMaxAge=7
root.Storage.S1.CleanupPolicyActive=fifo
root.Storage.S1.DeviceNode=NetworkShare:
root.Storage.S1.DiskID=NetworkShare
root.Storage.S1.Enabled=yes
root.Storage.S1.ExtraMountOptions=
root.Storage.S1.FileSystem=cifs
root.Storage.S1.FriendlyName=
root.Storage.S1.Locked=no
root.Storage.S1.MountOnBoot=yes
root.Storage.S1.MountPointPermissions=0770
root.Storage.S1.RequiredFileSystem=none
root.StreamCache.MaxGroups=20
root.StreamCache.Size=67108864
root.StreamCache.S0.Enabled=no
root.StreamCache.S0.Options=
root.StreamCache.S0.RequestedLengthTime=30
root.StreamProfile.MaxGroups=26
root.StreamProfile.S0.Description=
root.StreamProfile.S0.Name=ConfigToolProfile
root.StreamProfile.S0.Parameters=videocodec=h265&resolution=1920x1080&fps=24&compression=40&videobitratemode=mbr&videomaxbitrate=512
root.System.AccessLog=Off
root.System.AlternateBoaPort=0
root.System.BoaDSCP=0
root.System.BoaKeepAliveTimeout=180
root.System.BoaPort=8000
root.System.BoaProtViewer=password
root.System.CameraOrientationSet=yes
root.System.CaptureFrequencySet=yes
root.System.CaptureModeSet=yes
root.System.EditCgi=no
root.System.HTTPAuthRTSPOverHTTP=no
root.System.HTTPServerTokens=yes
root.System.HTTPWatchDog=yes
root.System.RootPwdSet=yes
root.System.SkipDigestUriValidation=User-Agent HttpClient
root.System.WebInterfaceDisabled=no
root.System.BoaGroupPolicy.admin=both
root.System.BoaGroupPolicy.operator=both
root.System.BoaGroupPolicy.viewer=both
root.System.EmbeddedDevelopment.VaconfigFilter=DoNotFilter
root.System.HTTP2.AllowH2=yes
root.System.HTTP2.AllowH2c=no
root.System.PreventDoSAttack.ActivatePasswordThrottling=Off
root.System.PreventDoSAttack.DoSBlockingPeriod=10
root.System.PreventDoSAttack.DoSPageCount=20
root.System.PreventDoSAttack.DoSPageInterval=1
root.System.PreventDoSAttack.DoSSiteCount=50
root.System.PreventDoSAttack.DoSSiteInterval=1
root.Tampering.T0.DarkDetectionEnabled=yes
root.Tampering.T0.DarkThreshold=90
root.Tampering.T0.MinDuration=20
root.Tampering.T0.Sensitivity=50
root.TemperatureControl.Heater.H0.ControlPolicyDelta=0
root.TemperatureControl.Heater.H0.ControlPolicyLimit=10
root.TemperatureControl.Heater.H0.ManualControlDuration=20
root.TemperatureControl.Heater.H0.UserControlSupport=yes
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S0.Name=Main
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S0.TriggerHigh=100
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S0.TriggerLow=-30
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S1.Name=CPU
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S1.TriggerHigh=100
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S1.TriggerLow=-30
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S2.Name=IR0
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S2.TriggerHigh=75
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S2.TriggerLow=-10
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S3.Name=Heater
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S3.TriggerHigh=75
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S3.TriggerLow=-10
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S4.Name=Sensor
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S4.TriggerHigh=75
root.TemperatureControl.Sensor.S4.TriggerLow=-10
root.Time.ObtainFromDHCP=no
root.Time.POSIXTimeZone=ESou03:00:00Ehad
root.Time.SyncSource=PC
root.Time.DST.Enabled=no
root.Time.NTP.Server=0.0.0.0
root.Time.NTP.VolatileServer=0.0.0.0
root.WebService.DiscoveryMode.Discoverable=Yes
root.WebService.UsernameToken.ReplayAttackProtection=yes
